You know what say Ukrish?
What do they say Randy?
With great power comes great
responsibility, you may not be Superman or
Batman, but
hey you can become a super user.
On a computer.
So what is a super user?
So let's start with how
to become a super user.
So you gotta open up your terminal and
some machines you usually do su.
Other machines,
you do sudo su to become superuser.
You might have to put in your password,
something like that.
>> Yeah.
And a quick point I wanna make here is
that sudo su,
being able to run commands as a superuser.
It only works Linux systems.
With a Windows system, you won't be able
to do that to the Windows command prompt.
The command won't be recognized.
>> What's so important about this, right?
So superuser, or
more commonly known as a root user.
So you've probably heard of like
rooting your Android device or
something like that.
Basically allows you to modify every file,
every program you have in your computer.
So normally you wouldn't be able to
touch like operating system files, but
under superuser mode,
you can just do whatever you want.
Change stuff yeah.
Like we said in the first part with
great power comes great responsibility.
So because you are a super user you can
accidentally delete an important file or
something, so
make sure when you are in this user you
are careful about what you are doing.
And we have a little comic there
that really outlines the concept of
a superuser, So if you have a little
man there telling your dog to sit and
the dog isn't sitting,
and he's saying just sit.
But as soon as he says sudo sit
the dog actually sits down so,
that's the whole concept
of super user there.
And with that,
we'll see you in the next video.